France:

Vaccinated travelers must prove that they have received all prescribed doses of
an approved vaccine.
Unvaccinated travelers must provide a negative PCR test taken no more than 72
hours before the arrival date, a negative antigen test taken no more than 48
hours before the arrival date, or a certificate of recovery dated more than
eleven days and less than six months ago.
For more information click here.

Vaccinated travelers from a “green” country must prove that they have received
all prescribed doses of one of the vaccines recognized by the European Medicines
Agency in order to be able to travel to France.

Unvaccinated travelers must provide proof of a negative PCR of less than 72
hours, an antigen test of less than 48 hours or a certificate of recovery dated
more than eleven days and less than six months ago

Since March 14, 2022, the “vaccination pass” requirement has been suspended in
all places where it was required (leisure and cultural venues, commercial
catering activities, trade fairs and exhibitions, etc.).


England:

Vaccinated and unvaccinated travelers do not need to provide a negative COVID-19
test and do not need to quarantine on arrival.
For more information click here.

Vaccinated or Unvaccinated:
do not need to complete a UK passenger locator form before you travel
do not need to take any COVID-19 tests before you travel or after you arrive
do not need to quarantine when you arrive


Thailand:

All travelers must apply a Thailand Pass before travel. To apply all travelers
need to provide passport profile page and need to obtain an approved medical insurance.
Vaccinated travelers must provide proof of vaccination.
Unvaccinated travelers need to provide a negative PCR test taken no more than 72
hours before the arrival date, or book at an approved quarantine hotel and take
a pre-booked PCR test on arrival.
For more information click here.

Vaccinated travelers:
Your passport profile page
A certificate of full (2 doses) vaccination
A medical insurance policy with at least USD$ 10,000 minimum coverage

Unvaccinated travelers NOT doing Alternate Quarantine:
Your passport profile page
An RT-PCR test result no more than 72 hours before your arrival date
A medical insurance policy with at least USD$ 10,000 minimum coverage

Unvaccinated travelers doing Alternate Quarantine:
Your passport profile page
Confirmed booking of SHA+ hotel 5-day Alternate Quarantine package
A pre-booked RT-PCR test on arrival (if not included in your package)
A medical insurance policy with at least USD$ 10,000 minimum coverage
